Whatever you use,
Bible is based upon Babel,
and it means to confuse by intermixing
truth and lies.
God only has Towrah,
which is replete with Naby, prophets,
and they include the writings,
the most important of which are the Mizmowr
and Mashal, the Psalms and Proverbs.
So God's terminology is that he has a
singular thing, Towrah,
which is replete with prophecy and the
lyrics and writings of songs and proverbs.
There is no Old Testament,
there is no Bible, there is no scripture,
and there is no New Testament.
So God's presentation is quite
straightforward.
And so if somebody is talking to you
about a Bible,
they are speaking of a religious text,
And it needs to be rejected outright.
Scripture is a Latin word that comes with
now a religious underpinning.
In Latin, it simply meant writing,
but now it's been...
convoluted to mean inspired writing from
God.
And there is nothing inspired in the
Christian New Testament.
It is absolute rubbish.
It is illogical.
It twists and perverts the actual words of
God's, misrepresents them.
And it adds all manner of contradictory
ideas.
So the Christian New Testament from
beginning to end is in complete contrast
with the word of God.
Therefore, if you want to apply the...
religious connotation of scripture,
it is not.
Now, as it relates to the New Testament,
which is what I'm disproving,
it does not begin with Matthew, Mark,
Luke, John, and the book of Acts.
The Christian New Testament begins with
Paul's letters,
and the first of those letters was the
book of Galatians.
And Paul's fourteen letters
were written prior to the first gospel.
Gospel is actually Paul's term.
That term has no bearing in anything that
Yahowah, who is God, actually said.
It is entirely Paul's term because he
wanted to create a different and new
message.
And that euangelion,
his new and different message,
which he perceived as being better,
is in complete contrast with God's
testimony.
And so it is the word euangelion that
has been convoluted to gospel,
but it was conceived by Paul.
The first two, Mark and Luke,
were written by Paul's cronies.
Paul admits that he solicited Mark for
this purpose,
and Luke was his chief propagandist and
spiritual healer.
And so
Mark is a hearsay account.
It is grossly incomplete.
And it was written ten years after Paul's
death,
based upon Paul's interpretation of the
Jesus character that he invented,
a man who never existed.
There was no Jesus nor a Mr.
Christ in first century Yahuwdah in the
Roman province of what is called now
Judah, but correctly Yahuwdah.
No such individual existed.
There is no contemporaneous eyewitness
account saying otherwise.
Mark is very incomplete.
Luke tried to add to it by adding
passages from Odysseus and mythological
statements from the Sibylline oracles to
flesh it out.
It begins now as you would be reading
the Iliad or the Odyssey.
He made a bad situation with Luke.
far worse.
Both books were written in Rome around
seventy-five CE,
two generations or four decades after the
events played out.
And again,
they were written to accommodate Paul's
letters as opposed to the other way
around.
One of the interesting things that affirms
this,
not only in the age of the text
and the first time that they're
referenced,
that we know the age that these things
were generated and where,
Paul never once cites the gospel of Jesus.
So the gospel of Jesus that was based
upon Paul's letters is never once cited by
Paul.
And that means he didn't speak for him.
And he wouldn't even exist until ten years
after Paul's death.
So you need to understand the order of
things before you can even move forward in
your understanding of what text you're
looking for.
The other thing that is interesting that
people will say that the faithful will say
that is the inerrant word of God.
And I'm here to tell you that having
dealt with the earliest sixty nine
manuscripts of the books that became the
Christian New Testament,
The ones that were scribed with a date
prior to the rise of Constantine and
Eusebius,
which would have been in three twenty to
twenty five CE,
three hundred years after the fact.
that at that point,
the changes to the text became so gross.
There were so many additions and
synchronizations that the manuscripts
don't have any value from that point on.
The difference between the sixty-nine
pre-Constantine manuscripts in the Textus
Receptus or the Nestle-Allen,
there are over three hundred thousand
variances with only a hundred and
eighty-four thousand words in the text.
So you get some idea that there are
more variances than there are words.
So to say this is inerrant means that
you're stupid,
that you have absolutely no concept of the
history of the text itself.
The text is more variant than it is
consistent.
And by the time you reach Constantine and
Eusebius, they had a free hand.
The two most important lines, for example,
in the Christian New Testament,
you are the Christ and upon this rock
I will build my church because otherwise
there's no justification for Christian or
Christ or anything else.
It was written by Eusebius and right around
330 CE.
three centuries after the fact.
You cannot find it in any copy of
Mark or of Matthew prior to that time.
The first appearance is in the
Codice Venaticus and Sinaiticus,
both written by Eusebius,
both at Constantine's decree,
both of which are highly troubled,
enormously flawed,
constantly updated and corrected and added
to, correct is not a correct term,
augmented and changed text to the point
that all they do is disprove
the credibility of the Christian New
Testament as opposed to validate it.
And both of those lines were added by
Eusebius at that time.
They were both added in front of the
cave of Pan,
which would be the entrance to hell and
in Greek philosophy and religion.
They were both added three years into the
alleged life of the disciples with the
alleged Iesou Christou,
the man who never lived.
And then to say, you know,
who do you say I am?
three years into their relationship is to
say they didn't have any substantive
discussion of any kind prior to that time.
So the first three and a half years
were a complete utter waste.
Who knows why they were walking around the
Judean wilderness and having conversations
because they never talked about anything
substantial.
You just got to believe.
So it is a ludicrous conversation to have
three years in.
And the comments that are made following
it are even more incredulous,
where both times, in different words,
the Jesus character turns to the Peter
character and says,
don't you dare tell anyone this,
that catastrophic things will happen.
So don't you tell anyone I'm the Christ.
Well, then how did he become Mr. Christ?
Then how did they become a Christian
religion?
So he told them don't do this,
and that's exactly what was done.
So the very line that is the most
essential to Christianity, by the way,
has no bearing.
There is no prophecy of a Mr. Christ.
There is absolutely no,
not even a prophecy of a coming Messiah.
Even that is erroneous,
and you wouldn't say if you were in
a Hebrew-speaking country,
speaking Hebrew,
you wouldn't say you are the Christ
because that's a Greek name having no
bearing to any prophecy.
So you wouldn't even say that.
But if you were,
there had to be a basis for you
are the Messiah.
What was the basis?
There is no basis for it.
The only place that talks about an
arriving Messiah is in Daniel nine.
And in that case,
it's not actually even used as a title.
There's no definite article before it.
And the statement is made by Daniel.
the very person that Yahowah affirms three
times is the Messiah that Yahowah says he,
in fact,
it's actually more than three times when
you put all of the references to Yahowah
anointing Dowd together,
it's many more times than that.
But the only person that Yahowah
acknowledges that he has chosen to be the
Messiah that he himself has anointed as
the Messiah is Dowd David.
And
Dowd is Gibowr El,
the very person speaking to Daniel at the
time,
and he says that this is what he
is going to do.
And he says at the time that when
he comes to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
which he gave the exact date that he
would fulfill it,
almost six hundred years in advance,
because that meeting took place in
Dowd gives the exact date that he's going
to fulfill Chag Matsah, which is Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym combined.
And Christianity doesn't reference
Passover.
And it has its pretend God napping during
Matsah.
And it is during Matsah that he was
cut off, but not for himself.
That's the time that Dowd's nepesh soul
carried our guilt into Sheowl.
And so the whole prophecy completely
annuls Christianity.
Christianity.
Moreover, in that prophecy,
it says that when he does that,
it will be the conclusion and the end
of prophecy.
There'll be no more prophecies.
You can't have a prophetic text from God
following that event and claim that event
is the basis of your Mr. Christ,
since it says it's nixnay on the prophecy
from that point on.
It's just utterly stupid.
It is so
incredulous that you could have a religion
that grew out of such nonsense but anyway
when when dealing with these and this the
text that I’m going to read to you
um I use papyrus forty five when dealing
with Paul it uh it's uh early to
mid second century it's the earliest text
there is there is nothing that is older
or more credible uh and I provide a
literal translation
out of papyrus forty-five.
You cannot argue with what I have rendered
here without saying that there is no basis
whatsoever for anything that Paul said.
And if there's no basis for anything Paul
said, there's no basis for the gospels.
And if there's no basis for the gospels,
there's no basis for Christianity.
So you have to deal with what he
wrote and what he wrote was utter
nonsense.
And again,
he begins here by saying Paulos.
His name wasn't Paulos.
He changed it to Paulos.
Why would a man change his name?
He was running for something.
His name was Sha'uwl.
He admits that his name is Sha'uwl three
different times in Luke's propaganda piece
promoting him.
All three times where he admits that he
is Sha'uwl,
it's in his alleged conversion experience.
All three of which, by the way,
are contradictory.
He has a different story all three times.
And the last of the which is the
most laughable because in the last of
which to give credibility
to his conversion experience where he is
made blind and lame.
That's some God.
Okay, you're my guy.
I'm going to make you,
I know you're off murdering my guys,
so I'm going to make you blind and
lame.
Okay,
it's very much like what Muhammad
experienced with a mean spirit in a cave.
And Muhammad had the wherewithal to say,
oh, I was demon-possessed.
So Muhammad knew he was demon-possessed.
Paul would later in his life admit he
was demon-possessed,
but not during his conversion experience,
which was obviously demonic.
But the third time, he cites Dionysus.
The only difference between Paul's Iesou
Christou and the actual...
sacrifice and titles ascribed to Dowd.
Dowd David is the actual Messiah,
the actual son of God,
the actual person who not only was
crucified in thirty three CE by the
Romans,
but wrote about his own crucifixion,
providing an eyewitness account in Mizmowr
twenty two,
a thousand years before he endured it.
The only difference, though,
between the actual Dowd, David,
and the major claims made pursuant to this
Jesus character is that Paul had to hugely
borrow from Dionysus because Dowd is the
son of God, not God.
And
Paul wanted a God,
so he turned to Dionysus.
So the dying and resurrecting God,
that's Dionysus.
Easter week, that's Dionysus.
Almost all the Christian symbols pursuant
to this, they're Dionysus.
So it's
It's Dowd's title,
Son of God and Messiah and Savior,
as well as King.
It's Dowd's act.
He was crucified and then carried our
guilt into Sheowl on Matsah in thirty three
C.E.
So it's Dowd's actual life experience in
his second of three lives.
And it's then burnished with a heavy dose
of Dionysus to create this God man.
So in the third experience,
he quotes Dionysus and the line from
Euripides' play,
it's difficult to kick against the goat.
In the play,
Dionysus is telling the main character
that,
To oppose religion is an exceedingly
difficult thing to do.
And religion is the goad.
It's that sharp stick in the side of
a dumb animal that herds them around.
And that's the nature of religion.
And therefore,
since religion is the controlling
mechanism for people,
The false god Dionysus is heard saying
it's difficult for a man to oppose
religion.
And I can say that that part is
right.
Of course, it was written by a man,
not Dionysus,
because Dionysus didn't exist either.
But Euripides knew that the purpose of
religion was to impose control mechanisms.
And they are very difficult for people to
work outside of because if you
spoke against Dionysus or Zeus in ancient
Greece they would kill you if you speak
against Jesus or Mary mother or god you
know in a christian uh country they'd kill
you um the fact that they were false
didn't mean anything because they were
control mechanisms
So Paul changed his name so that it
sounded, because it was Paulos,
sounded more like Apollo because,
you know, he needed godly veneer as well.
And he had to run from his real
name, which was Sha'uwl,
because six hundred and sixty six years
before Paulos,
Sha'uwl wrote his first letter.
God called him out by name.
The book of Chabaquwq,
he says that Sha'uwl is the plague of
death.
And he goes on to talk about the
religious lore that he would create,
the lies that he would promulgate,
who he would lie to,
the consequence of his lie.
It's all laid out in Chabaquwq.
something that we have reviewed and will
review again as part of these programs.
So Paul changed his name,
Sha'uwl changed his name from Sha'uwl to Paul.
The other reason that he changed his name,
it wasn't just that God specifically
called Sha'uwl out, Paul out by name,
calling him the plague of death,
six hundred and sixty-six years before he
wrote the book of Galatians,
but also
The Sha'uwl, who was the enemy of Dowd,
the actual Messiah and son of God,
in the experience and history of the
Israelites,
is a harbinger of the Sha'uwl that creates
the Christian religion.
They were both Towrah adverse.
They were both demon possessed.
They both died miserable deaths.
And they both tried to...
Kill and bury dote.
And so one is a harbinger of the
other.
So that's why he changed his name.
So it's Paulos here, not Sha'uwl.
He says he's an apostle.
The moment he wrote that word, he says,
that means I'm a fake.
You can only view that favorably if your
perspective is from the religion,
imposing the religion back onto the text.
You cannot view that favorably if you are
viewing God's story as he revealed it.
Because that would say,
what Paul is saying is that I have
this special title that's a divine title
and that you will know who I am
because God has spoken of this divine
title and I'm prophetically fulfilling
this divine title.
Except guess what?
There is no divine title of Apostellos.
Oops, oops, yes.
So Paul is an apostle,
which means I'm lying to you.
Not from men,
and he is absolutely a man,
so he's further lying to you.
Not even by the means of man,
I'm lying to you a third time.
So he has lied about his name,
he has lied about his title,
he has lied that he is not a
man,
and he has lied that this is not
by means of man.
The entire basis of Paul's arguments is,
to create his mythical man-god and his
religion are all based on the rabbinical
style of taking something God has said,
taking it out of context,
misrepresenting it to come to an ulterior
conclusion,
and building a religious mantra off of
misquoting and misrepresenting God's text.
It is an absolute...
learned skill, if you will.
And it came from his rabbinical training.
And he admits that he was trained by
the rabbis.
And so he's now lied four times.
Paulos is a lie.
Apostles is a lie.
Not a man is a lie.
And not by means of man is a
lie.
But by the contrary,
on behalf of Iesou Christou,
that is a double lie.
There was no one named Iesou, Iesous,
or Iesoun in the province of Yahuwdah.
No one.
The name is a Greek name.
It cannot be on somebody who is prophesied
or predicted by the Towrah and prophets
because there is no mention of an Iesou,
Iesous, or Iesoun, which was later in the,
well, a lot later,
the sixteen hundred years later,
the name Jesus was first written in the
third edition of the King James Bible.
So there was no Jesus,
but there wasn't even an Iesou.
Sorry.
So he's speaking of an imaginary friend.
It's like the movie with Harvey.
You know, it's my pet rabbit.
I've got a frog in my pocket.
He might as well be saying that,
you know, I really like the god Dionysus,
but I don't like his name.
So I'm going to come up with another
name for the god Dionysus,
and I'm going to call him Iesou.
He can be my pet.
Nobody by that name existed.
He is complete conjecture by Paul.
Not Hebrew,
therefore it cannot be prophetic.
There's no reference to anybody by any
derivation of that name.
And so he can't be Hebrew.
So therefore,
he is not part of the Towrah,
prophets and Psalms and the extenuation of
that.
Now,
there is a reference to an observant
foreigner that permeates the Towrah all the
way through the Towrah,
all the way through the prophets.
But if you're going to introduce him,
he ain't the Christou.
He's the Nakar.
And so you could speak of the coming
Choter from, for example, from Yashayah,
but he has the Sabbath spirits of Yahowah
and he is presenting the entire picture
that Yahowah has painted about and speaking
of Yahowah's return.
So you can't use that one very well,
but there's a lot of prophecy on the
Choter.
There's a lot of prophecy on the Nakar.
There's a lot of prophecy pursuant to the
Zarowa'.
In fact,
even in the most profoundly prophetic
portrait of what Dowd would do by being
the Passover lamb and carrying our guilt
away, it begins by saying,
if you want to understand this,
you first need to know the one who
came to know the identity of the Zarowa.
But he's not calling him a Zarowa.
He wants to call him a Christou.
Christou is not a viable title.
It's derived from the Greek verb Christos,
and it means to apply drugs.
If you want to say that this individual
is spoken of prophetically,
that he comes out of the text of
the Towrah and prophets,
then he has to have a title that
is derived from the Towrah and prophets.
Mashyach is a title, but it...
It's not Christou.
Titles need to be transliterated from the
original language.
For example,
you know that the leaders in Egypt were
called pharaohs.
So we call them pharaohs.
We know that in more recent days that
the terrorist leader of Al-Qaeda was Osama
bin Laden.
He's Osama bin Laden in Arabic.
He's Osama bin Laden in English.
When we speak of kings,
we use that title.
You know, you transliterate the title.
Genghis Khan, Shah of Iran,
Julius Caesar or Caesar Augustus would be
more common to this.
There is no Christou as a title,
and if it's a title,
it has to go before the name,
but there is no such person.
And the only reference to an arriving
Messiah is in Daniel nine,
where the prophecy is actually presented
by Gabriel, who is the Messiah.
And he's speaking of his own arrival,
just as he spoke of his own crucifixion.
So you cannot have a Christian.
The very moment that you get to a
Christ, you're saying,
I want to believe in fairy tales and
counterfeits.
Oh, that.
frightening experience right there was my
beloved Asher, the white lab.
She was leaning up against a picture that
is hiding part of the soundproofing that
we put in this room.
It's just the rainbow studio was built as
a spa.
And so we do have soundproofing all around
it because the echoes don't work really
well in this kind of an environment.
And
And so I have soundproofing behind it.
And she bumped up of a picture that
made the soundproofing look a little more
attractive.
And it fell down and go boob and
scared her to death.
So we'll press on.
Thank you for fixing that.
So the moment you go to a Christ
or Christian, you've lost it.
You lost it.
You have no connection to the Towrah and
prophets and Psalms, so you have no God.
You have no prophecy.
You have no God.
You have nothing.
It is completely and utterly contrived.
You will not find a reference to a
Christou, a Christon, or a Christous,
the three endings that permeate the
original text, anywhere.
Anywhere.
There is none.
None.
You could search the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms for a thousand years.
You will find no reference to a Christou.
You will find no reference to an Iesou.
A billion dollars, you find one.
You got to look in the original Hebrew.
I want you to check the oldest
manuscripts,
which you'll find in the Dead Sea Scrolls.
I'll give you a billion dollars.
You can find a mention of an Iesou
or a Christou.
Because you can't.
It's not there.
It's all imagined.
It's all contrived.
It's counterfeit.
And then, and the Theos, the God.
If you are speaking for God,
you know his name.
Yahowah?
Yahowah would be his name.
That's the reason why there are seven
thousand mentions of Yahowah's name in the
books that he inspired.
When Yahowah speaks to us through a
prophet, he speaks under his name.
You'll find Yahowah's name written all the
way through the Towrah, the prophets,
and Psalms.
Why?
Because that's God's one and only name.
He doesn't have multiple names.
He never says, oh, by the way,
my name is Jesus.
No, never.
There's no reference to a Jesus, ever.
He doesn't say, my name is Allah, never.
Never.
When he introduces his name to us via
Moshe,
the scribe who both wrote down the
experiences during the Exodus,
wrote down dictation as what happened in
Bare’syth prior to his time,
and then wrote down a copy of what
he said when he was delivering the
speeches of Dabarym.
When Moshe first met with Yahowah,
he had been away from Mitsraym.
He was raised in Pharaoh's household in
Mitsraym.
He left because he was disgusted by the
way that the Mitzri, the Egyptians,
were treating the Hebrew slaves.
And he tried to defend them,
but the Hebrew slaves didn't like that
either.
And so he just left and he went
to Arabia.
He was raising sheep around Mount Choreb.
And when God appeared to him,
not in a burning bush,
but on the blazing summit,
the rocky crag at the top of Mount
Choreb,
and invited Moshe by name to come to
visit with him, he told Moshe,
when Moshe said,
who am I going to tell them the
children of Israel is sending me?
And Yahowah began by saying,
I am who I am.
It says, Yhayah, Yhayah, Asher, Yhayah.
Asher is a relational pronoun and verb and
name.
And it means to show the ways to
the benefits of the relationship.
Hiayah means I was, I am,
I will be.
It is the Hebrew word for existence.
And YHayah, would be prefaced with Any,
which is the Hebrew word for I am.
So I am.
I exist.
I was, I am,
and I will be for the benefit of
the relationship.
And then he said,
tell the children of Yisrael that Yahowah
has sent you.
Yahowah is the way I want to be
known and remembered forever.
for all time in all places.
Yahowah is God's one and only name.
It's obvious, it's irrefutable.
I was instrumental being the first person
to not only correctly demonstrate the
proper pronunciation of YHWH,
in Yahowah's name,
and proving it is the next step.
In the book,
the first book of the An Introduction to
God series, free at YadaYah.com,
I systematically prove, irrefutably,
that the proper pronunciation of
Yod-Heh-Wah-Heh is as Yahowah.
And so Yahowah is God's one and only
name.
I know it.
And since Paul did not know it and
did not use it,
he did not know God.
He was not speaking for Yahowah.
So the moment that he used Theos there,
as opposed to using Yahowah's name,
he wasn't speaking for Yahowah.
Then he wants to present his God as
the father.
And while God is a father figure to
certain individuals, for example,
he presents himself as the father of Dowd,
David, who he says is his beloved son.
He never says, by the way,
he is the father of Jesus.
He never says he's the father of Iesou.
He never says I'm a father of the
Christos, ever.
But he is the stated father of Dowd,
the actual Messiah and son of God.
And he is the father of the covenant.
Yahowah uses the term Ab, father,
enough in the Towrah,
Prophets and Psalms to demonstrate
conclusively that it is the role that he
wants to play with his children.
But he does not overuse it.
It is way overused in this introduction
because it is without context in this
introduction and it has to have the proper
context, which is either Yahowah stating,
I am the father of Dowd and he
is my son, Dowd would be David,
or I am the father of the children
of Yisrael as they become covenant.
The covenant is a family.
This is not an accurate use because you
cannot say that he is the father of
the one roused and awakened because there
was no one that was aroused and awakened.
Sorry,
but the idea of a resurrection is
nonsense.
It defeats the purpose of the Passover
lamb.
It is counterproductive.
Not only is the body of the Passover
lamb incinerated that evening,
so there can be no bodily resurrection,
rendering the whole lie of Christianity
utter nonsense.
The fact of the matter is bodily
resurrection would be counterproductive.
The reason that we participate in Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym, by the way,
which is a universal whole,
Pesach by itself is counterproductive,
would make you eternal but separated from
God.
Matsah is where your guilt is removed if
you are
following God's instructions pursuant to
the covenant and attending his Mow'ed Miqra'ey
as he has designed them.
That is the time that Dowd's nepesh soul,
after fulfilling Pesach with his Basar
body,
carried our guilt into the black hole that
is known as Sheowl,
rendering us innocent from God's
perspective.
And as a result of those things, Dowd,
as the Bikuwr, the firstborn of Yahowah,
enabled the rest of us to become Bikuwrym,
firstborn children on Bikuwrym.
And this is the fulfillment of the
entirety of that process.
And there is no part of the process
that someone was awakened,
aroused from the dead.
Dowd's body was destroyed,
meaningless to him.
They're glad to be rid of it.
That's the whole idea.
We attend these Mow'ed Miqra'ey and approach
this fire that God speaks of for the
express purpose of having our physical
bodies
transition and transformed from uh these
anchors that hold us back that deprive us
of access to the universe to the to
time uh the fluid uh expression of time
uh and eternal time the ability to go
not only explore the entire universe but
to enter Shamaym we can't get off this
rock that we live on and actually survive
in any other place for any amount of
time while we have physical bodies.
And we certainly can't travel to another
solar system while we have physical
bodies.
We have to dispose of them to be
released of them.
They are a burden.
And what you want is the exact opposite
of a bodily resurrection.
What you want is that when your body
is done,
you want your soul to be encompassed by
radiant energy and light.
And when that occurs,
then you are enabled,
should you have also capitalized on
Matsah, where your guilt is removed,
then you're in a position to enter
Yahowah's presence.
While you have a body,
you cannot do that.
So this idea of being roused and awakened,
resurrected is counterproductive.
So I don't know if that's the tenth
or the fifteenth lie, but there we are.
That's all part of Dionysus and the
plague.
Yeah.
The integral part is resurrection of...
The annual resurrection of Dionysus during
what is essentially Easter week.
Yeah.
During the Dionysian festival,
which became Easter week.
Out of a lifeless corpse, he says.
No.
This is one of the things that should
be exceedingly easy for people to
understand.
but for some reason is hard for them
to,
and I can only assume that it's hard
for them to understand because of
Christianity, and also because of Islam,
where the body is a big deal.
The fact of the matter is that the
body is meaningless with Yahowah.
Your Basar is...
You want to get rid of it.
You can't make any progress with God after
your mortal existence unless your soul is
completely enveloped in light energy.
So when the body is gone,
your soul can go to one of three
places.
vast majority of humans have their soul
simply uh eliminated it is it it's
dispersed to nothingness there's no reward
there's no punishment there's no trip to
hell there's no trip to heaven you didn't
know god god didn't know you you had
your life
You were fortunate to have been given that
opportunity, you squandered it,
or you made something of it,
but you did not get to know the
means to develop a relationship with
Yahowah.
And at the end of your mortal existence,
your soul is simply extinguished.
No reward, no punishment.
I am the first person to figure that
out,
but it is obvious when you read God's
text.
It is everywhere that most souls simply
die and they cease to exist.
It's fair.
The whole love me or die thing just
turned me off for years.
That's the very thing.
I just had a very good conversation with
Joe,
my programming friend from my prior
businesses,
who is now publishing our books and
publishing our website.
And we talked about the things that we
had gone through and learned over time.
And he says the one that drew him
to me was when I was the first,
twenty four years ago,
to ascertain
that there are three destinations for
human souls and the vast majority of souls
simply cease to exist because I took God's
words literally.
I said, this is what he is saying.
And if he's saying that a soul is
dead, then that's it.
There is no eternal torment in hell and
there's no eternal reward in heaven.
Totally fair.
You didn't know me.
I didn't know you.
No love lost here.
We'll just part.
And no penalty, no reward.
Your soul simply ceases to exist.
And that's the nature of most souls.
And that would make perfect sense because
all animals have souls.
And while there have been a hundred
billion people since the first Homo
sapiens,
there are trillions and trillions and
trillions of animals.
I mean, a bug has a soul,
a slug has a soul,
a snake has a soul.
You know, whales have souls.
All animals have souls.
Where do you think all those souls are
going?
So no,
most souls just simply cease to exist.
When God created DNA in this
three-dimensional alphabet,
He created a mechanism which science
doesn't even understand to this day,
but we have limited perceptions,
where that three-dimensional mechanism was
capable of generating a soul for an
animal.
The soul for an animal is that animal's
unique ability to perceive their
environment, to observe it,
and then to respond to it.
And we humans have one.
The only difference between humans and
other animals is God gave us humans a
Neshamah in addition to a Nepesh so that
we can reason our way to God,
so that we can think,
so that we can be judgmental.
So that the things that I'm telling you,
each of which prove that Christianity is
an utter lie and that Paul should not
be trusted and that there was no Jesus,
that tool that I am using that is
far more powerful than any AI engine,
is a Neshamah.
I will tell you that most humans don't
use theirs.
They have lost the ability to exercise
good judgment.
They are not discerning.
They're not discriminating.
And AI can't replicate that for you.
So the very fact is that
There is no resurrecting a lifeless
corpse.
Once your body is lifeless,
you want to leave it alone.
The Towrah says don't touch it.
It's a bad decaying thing.
It is going to decay, and it should.
It's the normal cycle of life.
It should decay.
It's your soul that matters.
So it's the opposite of what Paul is
saying.
And it was when Yahowah had Dowd,
the son of God and Messiah,
fulfill Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
when his...
physical body, his Basar,
fulfilled Pesach, symbolizing the lamb.
At the end of that,
that mutilated body was not only
discarded,
it was incinerated in accordance with the
Towrah.
And then it was his nepesh soul continued
to live,
and that nepesh soul
took our guilt into shield.
And then the Nepesh soul was protected and
enveloped in the Ruwach of Yahowah,
brought Dowd's Nepesh back to Shamaym to
be with Yahowah.
No lifeless corpse, no resurrection.
That's counterproductive.
So he lied in Paulos.
He lied apostle.
He lied of not men.
He lied by not a means of men.
He lied by Iesou.
He lied by Christou.
He lied by God as opposed to Yahowah.
He misapplied father.
There was no resurrection or awakening.
There was no lifeless corpse that has
anything to do with Yahowah.
Yahowah says,
don't touch those lifeless corpse.
He has made tenfold.
ten mistakes so far,
and we're in the first verse of his
first letter.
And this became the most popular religion
in the history of mankind.
Are you out of your mind?
And the sentence is a run-on sentence.
It continues into the second verse,
and it continues with lies.
And all of the brothers.
So he says, I'm speaking for I,
who never existed, and the God,
whose name he does not know,
of the dead corpse.
And then he says,
and all of the brothers.
There are no brothers.
None.
They...
The Jews that heard Paul speak in Galatia
mocked him.
They knew he was out of his mind.
Anybody that knows the Towrah will laugh in
Paul's face.
He made a complete, utter fool of himself.
Anyone who was schooled in Galatia
and rhetoric,
which many were because the Greeks really
enjoyed rhetoric.
If you were schooled in rhetoric,
you knew that Paul created all manner of
fallacies.
He is the king of the rational fallacy.
So they mocked him.
And just the run of the mill Romans
that were there said,
are you out of your mind?
You've just made an utter fool of
yourself.
Just go away.
And so when he's writing this,
he's going to say, you know,
why is it you rejected me?
You liked me when I was there.
Now you're mocking me.
So he didn't have any brothers.
The Jews who would have been kin rejected.
Rejected him.
By the way,
he didn't have any natural brother.
But the Jews that were Ken all mocked
him senseless.
And he wasn't Ken to the Romans or
the Greeks.
And neither of them bought into his story.
With me,
and there are none with him at this
time.
He will pick up a posse as he
moves on.
And the posse that he picks up is,
that's skeptical too.
Barnabas was his lead strategist.
accomplice and when Barnabas was exposed
to others that knew the truth about the
Towrah Barnabas says hey I’m out of here
you're nuts and so he demeans Barnabas and
he can't uh he uh the alleged disciple
peter he tells tears to ribbons he
condemns him
He says that anything that John,
as an alleged disciple,
had to say is untrue and that it
has to be redone because John's gospel is
an untrue gospel and only Paul's gospel is
the one that matters.
So he can't have them as his cronies.
So who's a crony?
Timothy, his little boy toy?
No, he doesn't have any brothers.
Oh, that's the eleventh lie.
with me, to they called out.
And this will say church and your English
Bibble.
But there's no basis of church.
This would be the twelfth lie.
Ecclesia means called out.
There is nothing church related.
Church is just a total replacement for the
word.
You have two choices and translating.
You either look at a word,
and this is just a word,
and you translate that word into the words
of the other language.
So if it's ecclesia in Greek,
it would be called out in English.
Ek means out, klesia means to call.
Uh, your other option is to say, oh,
it's a title or a name and titles.
You would transliterate the sound of the
word.
So he would say to the Ecclesia,
but he didn't.
And that's not what it says in your
English Bibble.
In English Bibble, it says church,
doesn't it?
And church is just a,
is a word with a pagan past.
The only thing that was close to Church
was Church, Church.
Church is the daughter of Helios in the
Germanic pagan religions.
Helios was the sun god and Church was
his cute little daughter.
Well, that sounds familiar.
Let's join this club.
Yeah.
And from church, we get in English,
the English words circus, circuit,
and circle,
like the little halos above everybody's
little head, little sun disk.
So we now have our twelfth lie.
Of the Galatians, well,
there wasn't an ecclesia in the Galatians.
In fact,
he's going to say that everybody abandoned
him.
So he can't say that there is an
institution by any name in the Galatians
that is associated with him as brothers,
because everybody that heard him,
according to him himself,
mocked him and abandoned him.
So
That's now the thirteenth lie.
But we're through the second verse.
We didn't have nearly as many lies in
the second verse as we had in the
third.
There were only three in the second verse
and ten in the first.
So he's making progress.
Okay,
how does he do in the third verse?
Yeah, we got lie number fourteen.
Grace.
He wrote cherries.
Cherries, grace, doesn't matter.
Same goddess.
Yahowah doesn't have a grace,
doesn't have a cherish.
The graces and the charities,
as we would now say them in English,
it's gratia and cherish in Latin and in
Greek.
were really cute little girls.
You'll see them all over Pompeii and
Herculaneum on the walls of Roman homes of
the really rich Romans because they loved
to party hardy.
And the Charis and the Gratia,
they were the party girls.
Same girls,
just different name between Latin and
Greek.
They were always depicted naked naked.
They were always having a swell time.
They were partiers.
They were into licentious kinds of
behaviors.
They liked the wild parties.
And so he is now using the name
of pagan goddesses as the definition of
his new religion.
When Yahowah wrote,
how do you tell the difference between a
true prophet and a false prophet?
He begins with things like,
if they are a true prophet,
then I will have denoted them.
I will have told you about them.
Like that Nakry and Nakar that I mentioned
and the Choter.
God has on record multiple times and
saying, I'm going to send the Choter.
I'm going to equip the children with the
seven spirits of Yahowah.
There will be an observant foreigner in
the end days that will be speaking for
me.
He is my voice,
and you need to listen to him.
God will designate those people speaking
for him,
and Paul just made up a term.
But he goes on to speak.
He says,
one of the key way to tell is
they'll speak in my name if they're
speaking for me.
Paul didn't.
And if they speak in the name of
other gods, different gods, like Gratia,
Charis,
they are lying and they're deadly.
Run from them.
So with the mention of grace,
anyone who has read the Deuteronomy knows
that Paul was now a false prophet.
Is that number fourteen?
I think so.
Number fourteen, to you.
And then peace is Irene.
The single most prominent of all Hebrew
words, used by Yahowah a great many times.
But if you are a Jew,
which he was,
and you're speaking of the message of God
in the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms,
then this is a word you're going to
transliterate because it is a word that
has rich meaning, and it's Shalowm.
It's not Irene.
Shalowm means peace in the sense of a
reconciled relationship.
When a relationship has been resolved of
the former division,
then you are saved from the negative
consequences from it.
So it conveys that.
It speaks of satisfaction and harmony and
of tranquility and of well-being.
And so it is a very powerful term
that
focuses our idea on the restoration and
reconciliation of a relationship.
And if you're going to be speaking for
Yahowah,
rather than transliterating the name of
the charities as cherish,
you're going to say Shalowm.
Shalowm is a very important godly term,
but he didn't.
So that's number, what, fourteen.
From Theos, God.
Nope.
You're going to make a declaration.
I mean,
you look at the cover of my books,
they don't say Yada God.
They say Yada Yahowah.
Introduce the fact that my mission is to
speak on behalf of Yahowah.
If you don't make that declaration and
distinction, then you are not.
That means the Christian New Testament
does not speak for God.
That means the Talmud does not speak for
God.
That means the Quran does not speak for
The Towrah and prophets,
they speak for Yahowah.
His name is found throughout.
He says, then father of us,
that would be the sixteenth mistake.
He is only the father of those who
are part of the covenant family.
And Paul created his own personal
covenant.
And Kyrios, Lord, Iesou Christou.
God does not like his identity associated
with the Lord.
There are times when people write and they
use the honorarium and they'll use Adonai
and my Lord and speaking of him and
to him.
It is more likely that it's just a
bad transliteration of Edown and the I Edown
would mean my.
Edown is presented in the Towrah as the
upright pillar of the tabernacle.
So it says that, you know,
you are the upright support pillar of my
life.
You are the one who is securing and
enlarging this family environment that
protects me in this tabernacle where you
can witness to me.
And so Edowm,
which is written in the Hebrew exactly the
same as Adown,
is a very telling term that is very
appropriate to apply to Yahowah,
but not Lord, as in Adown.
Yahowah,
you cannot present God as both Father and
Lord.
They are incompatible concepts.
Fathers do not lord over their children.
So they're completely incompatible.
And if you don't know what the word's
being, then you ought to be careful.
But this is now Paul's fifteenth mistake.
And now he is repeating the mistake of
Iesou Christou.
No Iesou, no Christou, no possibility,
no way, no how,
not even remotely accurate.
That's Galatians one, three.
The one having given himself on account of
the sins of us.
No.
God doesn't give two hoots about the sins
of anybody.
There are four or five words that are
errantly rendered sin in the Hebrew
language, but none of them speak of sins.
And our personal foibles are of no
interest of any kind to God.
The terms that he uses, for example,
Chata'ah, awon, pesha,
Ra are the primary terms that he uses
for missing the way of being wrong and
of perverting and twisting his testimony
and being in rebellion to him.
Pasha, for example,
would be in rebellion to him.
Awon would be
going the wrong way.
Chata'ah is incurring guilt.
Ra is being malignant and malevolent in
one's approach to fellow countrymen and in
one's language.
These words all speak of collective
rebellion, betrayal,
and of being wrong in a societal sense.
And so what God is saying is wrong,
is awon, is Chata'ah, is pesha, is raw,
is, and is also evil,
which is very close to evil, right?
All of these things are religious.
They're all speaking of societal,
systemic systems that mislead people in
math away from the truth, right?
And the only things that fit that role
are religions.
So all five of those terms that I've
just shared with you,
they are exposing the negative consequence
of religion.
Paul is establishing a religion.
There is almost nothing that God says
about individual malfeasance.
So that if you cheat somebody out of
their lunch money, bad on you.
But there isn't a procedure in place to
specifically resolve cheating somebody out
of their lunch money.
God has lots to say about treating people
fairly and of not getting involved in
incest or pedophilia or bestiality.
He has a lot to say about telling
the truth and why it's important to bear
a truthful witness.
But God did not create a mechanism of
resolving individual mistakes.
And you say,
so the whole concept of sin from,
you know,
I looked at my friend Susie from across
the street and I said, boy,
she's really pretty.
Therefore,
I've committed a sin in my heart.
That kind of stuff,
God's completely uninterested in.
As a matter of fact,
what God's looking for is rather than you
being Pollyanna and perfect,
he is looking for you to make mistakes.
He wants you to make mistakes.
Because if you don't make mistakes,
if you aren't wrong,
then you have no way to demonstrate that
you can learn what you said or did
was wrong,
correct the record and grow from it.
If you don't trip and fall,
you can't demonstrate that you have the
wherewithal to get back up and get going.
And so God actually wants us to stumble
and fall so we can demonstrate the resolve
to improve,
to prove that we are trustworthy,
that we're reliable,
that we can grow from our mistakes.
If we don't have that opportunity,
he has no way to evaluate us.
He has no way to determine whether or
not he can empower us and allow us
off of this planet to go explore the
universe with him.
He has no justification for making us
eternal in his presence because we could
make a mistake and then wallow in it
and make it worse.
And God can't have that happen in
forevermore.
So this idea of sin as you make
a mistake in your life,
that's completely of no interest to him.
He wants you to have individual foibles so
that you can learn from them and grow
as a result of them.
And it's the rebellion against him.
It's misleading people about him
religiously.
that he is concerned about,
and that's exactly what's happening here.
So Paul is promoting what God hates.
And so there is no resolution for
promoting religion.
It's over.
So he's completely wrong when he talks
about sins of us.
so that he might possibly gouge or tear
out.
So here in the first run on sentence
and the first book of the Christian new
Testament,
we have the entire purpose of the
Christian new Testament.
And what is it?
It's to tear us away from the Towrah.
It's to condemn the Towrah and to create
a religion that is divorced of the Towrah,
but that still use the Towrah as his
proof text.
Without the Towrah,
there's no proof text for Christianity.
But the religion itself in its first run
on sentence now wants to gouge or tear
away from the past inflexible,
unrelenting circumstances of the old
system.
The old system in Paul's view is the
Towrah.
And there was no rabbi to step up
and say, you're wrong.
Well, no, that's a real problem.
There was no rabbi that said,
you're wrong.
First of all, the Towrah is quite flexible.
we have enormous wiggle room in what we
can do with our lives.
God is not a teacher of black and
white.
He wants us to think if you become
dogmatic,
then you're missing the entire point.
Towrah is not a series of laws.
There's not a law in it.
The Towrah is teaching and guidance,
instructions, and directions.
And
As such,
it opens up our possibilities so that we
can learn and grow as opposed to confining
us.
So it's not something that confines us.
It's something that liberates us based
upon what we learn and discover in its
guidance.
So God also says that in, for example,
in Howsha, he is very clear.
He says that you are destroyed because of
your ignorance.
And he says that because you have
forgotten my Towrah,
I'm going to forget your children.
So if you want to be torn away
from the Towrah,
then you are out of God's minds and
thoughts.
And if you're outside of God's minds and
thoughts,
you have a zero percent chance of
impressing him that you deserve to spend
eternity with him.
So there is nothing that you could write
that would be further from the truth than
the truth
That the purpose is that our sins are
somehow resolved by tearing us away from
God's old system.
Because God doesn't have an old system.
He has a system.
The system is in the Towrah.
The Towrah presents the terms and
conditions of the covenant and the
benefits of the covenant.
It presents the seven steps that you walk
to receive the benefits that are
prescribed in the covenant.
And that's through the Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
He has a son.
He has a Messiah.
He has a chosen one.
It happens to be Dowd.
And he has a timeline.
And he has an entire plan.
And it's all laid out from beginning to
end.
And you start in the garden.
You return to the garden.
It's a very comprehensive,
beautifully told story that everything
fits together that results in the
emancipation, the enrichment,
the empowerment,
the enablement of those who capitalize on
Yahowah's instructions.
You want to be torn away from that,
then either two things will happen.
Either you will die and your soul will
be exterminated.
Or if you promote this lie,
like Paul's doing here,
you create this lie, you promote this lie,
then your soul spends an eternity in Sheowl
because the consequence of misleading
people regarding God.
So this statement here,
let's call it the seventeenth mistake.
This one is catastrophic.
Paul is condemning that which he calls
old, unrelenting.
It's his view that became what's now known
as the Old Testament.
Why you'll never hear me use it unless
I'm going to refute that terminology.
There is no such thing as an Old
Testament.
God has testimony.
That testimony is presented in the Towrah,
Prophets, and Psalms.
does not include the New Testament.
God is not changing his plan.
If he changed his plan,
then his old plan was not reliable.
If his old plan is not reliable,
his change is not reliable.
I mean, think it through, folks.
If God's old plan
is unflexible unrelenting uh keeps you
chained to your sin then there is a
zero percent chance that this man is
irrational as he was as many fallacies as
he commits has come up with a new
plan from the same god that is capable
of being reliable that can be believed
through faith when he says that the old
plan that is filled with prophecy proving
its credibility
It's the dumbest idea ever.
And that's Paul's principle ploy is that
God couldn't save anyone with his Towrah.
So he tapped me as the spokesman for
the world such that I would contradict
everything he said and come up with a
new plan that was achievable through
faith.
And that if you believe my new plan,
that I will save you from God's failed
plan by way of the God who appointed
me.
Billions of people believe that crap.
It really is no more complicated than
that.
That's the dunderheadedness of
Christianity.
The primary proposition is impossible.
The God who authored the Towrah and said
it was eternal and it is the means
to liberate us, emancipate us,
to enrich us, to empower us,
to make us immortal,
could not have
inspired a man to contradict all of that,
to nullify all of that,
and then come up with a new plan
that is completely contrary to the old
plan that simply is to be believed and
to have that new plan be credible.
Impossible.
If you want to believe it,
that's up to you.
I don't really care.
If you want to destroy your soul,
that's on you,
but it's rationally impossible.
Which had been in place.
Well, what had been in place?
Paul's talking about a...
Paul's not creating his God,
his Iesou Christou, out of thin air.
He is projecting him on what was said
of Dowd.
So he is now saying that the basis
of my Iesou Christou
was a horrible, terrible plan.
That's the one that had been put in
place.
And I'm using it, by the way,
to justify everything I claim about Iesou
Christou,
even if I have to misquote it and
misappropriate it and twist it so the
meaning is exactly the opposite.
But nonetheless,
don't look behind the curtain.
Let me pull the levers.
But the system that had been in place
that he refers to is the Towrah.
And he's saying the Towrah,
that the whole purpose Iesou Christou,
his imaginary God-man,
was to pluck and tear us away from
the Towrah.
Now, if you believe that,
you're a Christian.
If you believe that, you're an idiot,
but you're a Christian.
Good luck with that.
Faith in that which is untrue is
worthless.
You can have total and complete faith in
that which is obviously untrue and you are
completely screwed, blued and tattooed.
But you can put tattoo across on your
upper arm and feel all good about it.
Which had been in place,
which is now he's now gonna define the
Towrah.
Paul's word for defining the Towrah is
poneros.
Have you heard of an English word that's
based on poneros?
Oh, yeah.
What's it called?
Pornography.
In its first sentence,
Paul called the Towrah pornographic.
Trash.
Disadvantageous.
Pornography.
And that's the religion of two point five
billion people today.
Most popular religion ever created was
created by the man who began in his
first run on sentence by calling the Towrah
pornography and saying that his entire
mission in sync with the God and the
imaginary Iesou Christou was to tear you away
from the Towrah pornography.
which he now says is an opposition to
the desire and will of the God and
the Father of us.
How can the Towrah be an opposition to
the God who inspired the Towrah,
who gave us the Towrah?
Do you think that there is any realm?
I mean, go off there, my younger son,
when he didn't like what was happening
around him, he retreated to Planelia.
Planelia was his own private planet.
He had the most beautiful girlfriend on
Planelia.
He was king of Planelia.
And Planelia, he made the rules.
But even on Planelia,
it ain't possible that the God who
inspired the Towrah could tell you that his
desire was to have his Towrah,
the centerpiece of his communication to
humankind,
be labeled as pornography so that this
man,
making all manner of rational fallacies,
could claim that his goal was to tear
you away from it.
That's the first sentence.
in the religion of Christianity.
If you were a Christian and now are
aware of this,
you are either a complete ignoramus,
incapable of rational thought,
and so wrapped up in your faith that
you just can't admit it
you're now running for the door and saying
how do I get out of here and
is there truth yeah there is truth his
name is Yahowah he authored the Towrah
prophets and psalms I I have compiled
twenty five thousand pages of translations
and commentary on them having invested a
hundred thousand hours offering it all to
you free in the thirty five books of
the yada Yahowah series where you can come
to know the truth
It's all free at YadaYah.com.
You want the answer?
Go there.
You want to be lied to?
Wallow in your New Testament.
But now you know the truth.
And what I have just shared with you,
there isn't an answer.
There isn't a scholar.
There isn't a rebuttal.
There isn't an AI.
There is no answer for anything I have
just shared with you.
So,
Probably a good place for us to conclude
this show.
We'll pick it up from there and our
next show because it actually goes
downhill from this.
It gets worse and then it gets worse.
And then he piles lies on top of
lies.
After a while,
he has made a sandcastle of lies.
And that's your religion if you're a
Christian.
Well, their response is always the same.
I have to go ask my pastor.
Good luck with that.
I can tell you that when I was
just a couple of years into this,
Yahowah met me one day.
It was a Taruwah in two thousand and
one.
I didn't know him.
He obviously knew me.
He knew me really well.
really, really well.
And he asked me to begin by excoriating
Islam.
And I said,
I don't know who this is really.
And by the time I got those words
out of my mouth, he says, come on,
idiot.
You know who this is.
Who else is going to be talking to
you like this?
This is what I want you to do.
And I said, okay,
let's say I buy into the story that
you're God.
Then can I negotiate?
Because last time I checked,
no one has ever survived what you're
asking me to do,
which is to expose and condemn Muhammad
and Allah and the Quran.
Well, I mean,
let's just pretend now that you are who
you say you are.
Can I negotiate?
Because, well,
it seems like a death sentence.
Now,
I'm not so sure that sounds like a
lot of fun.
I said, sure.
What do you want, kid?
I laid out three things.
These are the three things I want.
He said, okay, that sounds fine with me.
Reach into your pocket.
I did.
There was the answer to the three things
I wanted.
I said, okay,
so now you've got my attention.
I guess we're going to begin.
I guess I'm going to find out.
And here we are.
Ten thousand death threats later.
Thirty-five books.
A hundred thousand hours later.
thousands,
tens of thousands of hours of radio and
now of vlogs.
And here we are,
telling you the story of God,
revealing His message as completely and as
accurately as has ever been presented
before.
And I can tell you that two years
into that, I had learned enough.
that one of my closest friends at the
time,
and I was one of his closest friends,
was Dr. Jerry Falwell,
the Reverend who had been on the cover
multiple times of Time Magazine.
He was the head of the Moral Majority.
He was the first televangelist.
Remarkable man, actually a very lovable,
likable man in person,
a great conversationalist,
exceedingly kind to people in his inner
circle.
And we spent a lot of time together.
I mean,
thousands and thousands of hours together.
And very early on,
and it was before Yahowah had called me
to ask me to do this,
that I'd built my relationship with him.
And as I was getting to know Yahowah,
and I had already abandoned Christianity
by that time,
it became obvious that everything in
Christianity was a lie.
And so I asked for a meeting with
Jerry Falwell, the pastor's pastor,
if you will.
And I said, I want you to bring,
please,
the head of the Hebrew church
division of your,
he owned Liberty University.
So bring your top Hebrew scholar.
I want you to bring your top theologians.
Really,
I've got a whole series of things I
want to go through and I want them
to be able to challenge what I have
to say.
And I went through all the reasons that
Christianity was false that I'd already
deduced.
And that's not even a fraction of one
percent of what I know now.
At the end of all that,
Not a single time did any one of
the Hebrew scholars challenge anything I
said.
And Jerry just looked at me,
put his hand on the top of my
hand, and he said,
everything you've said is true.
But if I were to say those things,
the people that sit in the pews of
my church and make donations wouldn't
come.
All of the envelopes that arrive daily
here supporting my university wouldn't
arrive.
And if you say those things,
they're going to label you a kook.
So you want to go ask your pastor.
Don't be surprised if he tells you the
truth.
They know it's a lie.
Thank you for listening.